I know
Hmmm
Rice
Ha ha ha ha ha
Nice to meet you I Nyan'
I support the city ​​Ipponbashi where I was born and raised
Today I would like to introduce my favorite town Japan back Pradesh
The name of the town called Japan Star is taken from the end of the bridge where Japan was caught fire Dotonbori
I will
And in Tokyo, it's an electricity bill that's as old as a hostess.
It is also said that Ponbashi of East Akiba is
Error Leon chan Kon'nichiwa
It is famous now as a wait Renkin is also Shun Matsu hobbies have been familiar to a lot of people
Studying course games and toys
Comic maid cafe etc
Anyway, lots of interesting shops
ben
nan
Hmm
Kon'nichiwaru'
How ah
th
How is it
noela
[musics]
yeah
Ah ah ah
[applause]
[musics]
How is it? There is a lot of sights that are unique to Japan
Please, by all means try to find the hidden charm of Japanese pear of everyone
[musics]